README.md, before:

# Pattern-Recognition-Projects

This is a repository filled with homeworks and projects given to us during our Pattern Recognition class by Mapua University.


## First Assignment | Diet Recommendation System

Instructions:
 - Develop a content-based recommendation system using python program.
 - Apply Cosine Similarity.

Dataset:
 - The dataset to be used in this assignment will be the [USDA Diet Nutritional Data](https://www.kaggle.com/haithemhermessi/usda-national-nutrient-database) from kaggle.

About:
 - The assignment will be a diet recommendation system that would help the user with their diet by asking input from the user of the amount of calories, carbohydrates, sugars, proteins, fat, vitamins, and minerals.


## Second Assignment | Exploring Orange Data Mining Tool

Instructions:
 - Explore orange data mining tool and develop 2 tasks related to pattern recognition.

Dataset:
 - Orange's built-in iris dataset.
 - Tweets from Twitter for NLP.

About:
 - This assignment is just intended for the students to explore orange data mining tool and its functions.
 - The contents of the folder *orange-class-work* an orange file containing 2 different programs: 1) Logistic Regression for Iris Dataset; 2) Sentiment and Emotional Analysis of Twitter Tweets.


## Third Assignment | Exploring New ML or DL Algorithms (CLAHE)

Instructions:
 - Explore new ML and DL algorithms not discussed in AI or Pattern Recognition classes.
 - Prepare a ppt presentation and python ntbk explaining the background of the algorithm, what it does, and its applications in solving real-life problems.

Dataset:
 - Sample Normal and AMD fundus images from ODiR Dataset [https://www.kaggle.com/andrewmvd/ocular-disease-recognition-odir5k]

About:
 - This assignment is intended to explore any machine learning or deep learning algorithms and discuss what it is for and its applications.
 - The contents for this assignment can be found in the folder called *CLAHE*.


## Fourth Assignment | Customer-Happiness-Index

Instructions:
 - Compute the customer happiness indices of all customers with the data given (by the professor).
 - Create a ML classification model to predict and classify customers based on new inputs.

Dataset:
 - Can be found within the *customer-happiness-index* folder.


## Fifth Assignment | PyCaret-Demo
 
Instructions:
 - Explore PyCaret and its applications.
 - Apply it on the customer-happiness-index dataset.

Dataset:
 - *customer-happiness-index* dataset.

About:
 - Our task for this assignment is to explore PyCaret and its applications for easing ML tasks such as comparison with other ML algorithms, as well as hyperparameter tuning.


## Sixth Assignment | Rotational Churners - Mock Data Creation, Data Analysis, Prediction(?) (Proof of Concept)

Instructions:
 - Create a dataset that simulates rotational churners.
 - Create analysis on how a telco company would identify customers who are rotational churners.

Dataset:
 - *in the process of making a mock dataset atm*

About:
 - Rotational churners are repeat customers that churns/stops the use of a product of a telco company and re-applies/re-continues the use of their services.
 - In the Philippines, phone numbers can either be registered (postpaid) which requires a person to fill up forms and their credentials will be put in the telco companies' databases, or unregistered (prepaid) which are SIM cards that can be bought at certain marts or stalls at any time with no registration required.
 - This task focuses on identifying prepaid users that could possibly be rotational churners from given data (which we have to create).

Commit message:

added information regarding rc-analysis for more context on its data and background

README.md, after:

# Pattern-Recognition-Projects

This is a repository filled with homeworks and projects given to us during our Pattern Recognition class by Mapua University.


## First Assignment | Diet Recommendation System

Instructions:
 - Develop a content-based recommendation system using python program.
 - Apply Cosine Similarity.

Dataset:
 - The dataset to be used in this assignment will be the [USDA Diet Nutritional Data](https://www.kaggle.com/haithemhermessi/usda-national-nutrient-database) from kaggle.

About:
 - The assignment will be a diet recommendation system that would help the user with their diet by asking input from the user of the amount of calories, carbohydrates, sugars, proteins, fat, vitamins, and minerals.


## Second Assignment | Exploring Orange Data Mining Tool

Instructions:
 - Explore orange data mining tool and develop 2 tasks related to pattern recognition.

Dataset:
 - Orange's built-in iris dataset.
 - Tweets from Twitter for NLP.

About:
 - This assignment is just intended for the students to explore orange data mining tool and its functions.
 - The contents of the folder *orange-class-work* an orange file containing 2 different programs: 1) Logistic Regression for Iris Dataset; 2) Sentiment and Emotional Analysis of Twitter Tweets.


## Third Assignment | Exploring New ML or DL Algorithms (CLAHE)

Instructions:
 - Explore new ML and DL algorithms not discussed in AI or Pattern Recognition classes.
 - Prepare a ppt presentation and python ntbk explaining the background of the algorithm, what it does, and its applications in solving real-life problems.

Dataset:
 - Sample Normal and AMD fundus images from ODiR Dataset [https://www.kaggle.com/andrewmvd/ocular-disease-recognition-odir5k]

About:
 - This assignment is intended to explore any machine learning or deep learning algorithms and discuss what it is for and its applications.
 - The contents for this assignment can be found in the folder called *CLAHE*.


## Fourth Assignment | Customer-Happiness-Index

Instructions:
 - Compute the customer happiness indices of all customers with the data given (by the professor).
 - Create a ML classification model to predict and classify customers based on new inputs.

Dataset:
 - Can be found within the *customer-happiness-index* folder.


## Fifth Assignment | PyCaret-Demo
 
Instructions:
 - Explore PyCaret and its applications.
 - Apply it on the customer-happiness-index dataset.

Dataset:
 - *customer-happiness-index* dataset.

About:
 - Our task for this assignment is to explore PyCaret and its applications for easing ML tasks such as comparison with other ML algorithms, as well as hyperparameter tuning.


## Sixth Assignment | Rotational Churners - Mock Data Creation and Data Analysis (Proof of Concept)

Instructions:
 - Create a dataset that simulates rotational churners.
 - Create analysis on how a telco company would identify customers who are rotational churners.

Dataset:
 - ..\data\mock\sample_mock_c_data.xlsx (mock data of churners)
 - ..\data\mock\sample_mock_rc_data.xlsx (mock data of rotational churners)

About:
 - Rotational churners are repeat customers that churns/stops the use of a product of a telco company and re-applies/re-continues the use of their services later in the future.
 - In the Philippines, phone numbers can either be registered (postpaid) which requires a person to fill up forms and their credentials will be put in the telco companies' databases, or unregistered (prepaid) which are SIM cards that can be bought at certain marts or stalls at any time with no registration required. 
 - Mock Data Background: ```sample_mock_c_data.xlsx``` is a collection of weekly churner data of a fictional telco company from 2017 up until 2019. ```sample_mock_rc_data.xlsx```is a collection of weekly user data from 2020-Present who could possibly be rotational churners for the same telco company. The hypothesis for the analysis of datas are that rotational churners could/would have similar patterns and behavior regarding their use of prepaid services (the credits they load, frequency of spent time on their phones, etc). The task is to identify which users could possibly be rotational churners using statistical analysis or machine learning concepts if possible.
